Best Lime Poodle

medium

# `revokeAll` is useless without delay mechanism on `claim()`, as the recipient can frontrun revokeAll TRX to withdraw unclaimed tokens

## Summary
`revokeAll` is useless without delay mechanism on `claim()`, as the recipients can frontrun `revokeAll` TRXs to withdraw unclaimed tokens.

## Vulnerability Detail
`revokeAll()` function is in place so the org deploying the vesting escrow can clawback all the tokens, when something written into a legal contract surpasses. If the user breaks any legal conditions or do something malicious with the voting power, the owner of the contract will call `revokeAll()` which will take `locked + unclaimed` tokens out of the contract.

**The problem is, user can easily frontrun the [`revokeAll()`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-rio-vesting-escrow/blob/2d14c2b84b69c53a45c81aa4f907af9617f9a94f/rio-vesting-escrow/src/VestingEscrow.sol#L177) TRX to [withdraw](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-rio-vesting-escrow/blob/2d14c2b84b69c53a45c81aa4f907af9617f9a94f/rio-vesting-escrow/src/VestingEscrow.sol#L136) unclaimed tokens and break the legal contract.**

### Proof-of-Concept
1. Alex, a recipient, have 50k unclaimed tokens & 25k locked tokens
2. Owner notices some legal contract surpass or malicious activity from Alex
3. Owner calls `revokeAll()` to clawback Alex all 75k tokens
4. Alex who was listening to the mempool, sees Owner revokeAll Trx
5. Alex calls `claim()` to withdraw all the unclaimed tokens with high Trx Gas fee than revokeAll Trx
6. Due to higher gas fee Alex's TRX gets executed first, succesfully frontrunning owner's revokeAll Trx
7. Alice gets 50k tokens and owner only gets 25k tokens instead of 75k tokens expected

### Code Proof-of-Concept
```solidity
    function testRevokeAllFrontunClaimAll_PoC() public {
        vm.warp(endTime + 5);

        vm.prank(recipient);
        deployedVesting.claim(recipient, type(uint256).max);

        vm.startPrank(factory.owner());
        vm.expectRevert();
        deployedVesting.revokeAll();
        vm.stopPrank();

        assertEq(deployedVesting.unclaimed(), 0);
        assertEq(token.balanceOf(recipient), amount);
    }
```
## Impact
- Revoking mechanism can be bypassed by any user.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-rio-vesting-escrow/blob/2d14c2b84b69c53a45c81aa4f907af9617f9a94f/rio-vesting-escrow/src/VestingEscrow.sol#L177
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-rio-vesting-escrow/blob/2d14c2b84b69c53a45c81aa4f907af9617f9a94f/rio-vesting-escrow/src/VestingEscrow.sol#L136

## Tool used
[🦅](https://twitter.com/0x_Shaheen/status/1722664258142650806)

## Recommendation
There should be a withdrawal delay mechanism on `claim()` which don't give chance to the users to frontrun revokeAll. Or Aware the org's owner about this issue and encourage them to use private mempool for revoking. The former is more recomnded as private pools are not really "private". A very good implementation of delay mechanism can be found [here](https://github.com/telcoin/telcoin-staking/pull/21/files)  Thanks!