Low Rosewood Crocodile

high

# Access control implemented wrongly, it does the opposite as intended

## Summary
The access control modifier is used to ensure functions can be called based on the roles. The `VestingEscrow.sol::onlyOwnerOrManager()` allows either owner or manager to be called, however, implemented wrongly.
## Vulnerability Detail
The `VestingEscrow.sol::onlyOwnerOrManager()` will not throw an error if called by an account other than has both roles the owner and manager. However, if it's either MANAGER or OWNER who wants to revoke the user by calling `VestingEscrow.sol::revokeUnvested()`, they are unable to do so.

If the owner does not set himself as the manager, the owner will also not be able to call the function. Only the owner with the manager role has the authority, which also means that the owner cannot get additional help as intended causing the manager role to be redundant. 

## Impact
1) The owner is unable to delegate minimum authority to the manager to perform administrative tasks causing a denial of service.
2) The manager is unable to revoke the vested user, hence the user can still claim rewards even though he should not.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-rio-vesting-escrow/blob/main/rio-vesting-escrow/src/VestingEscrow.sol#L71-L75

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-rio-vesting-escrow/blob/main/rio-vesting-escrow/src/VestingEscrow.sol#L245-L250
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Instead of using the operator `AND` change it to `OR`.
```diff
    function _checkOwnerOrManager() internal view {
--      if (msg.sender != _owner() && msg.sender != _manager()) {
++      if (msg.sender != _owner() || msg.sender != _manager()) {
            revert NOT_OWNER_OR_MANAGER(msg.sender);
        }
    }
```