Icy Purple Antelope

high

# Unrestricted Recovery Functionality in OZVotingAdaptor Contract

## Summary
The OZVotingAdaptor contract contains a critical vulnerability related to the recovery of ERC20 tokens and Ether. The functions `recoverERC20` and `recoverEther` allow the contract owner to recover funds without proper access controls, posing a significant security risk.

## Vulnerability Detail
The OZVotingAdaptor contract exposes unrestricted recovery functionality through the `recoverERC20` and `recoverEther` functions. These functions lack proper access controls, allowing any address to trigger the recovery of ERC20 tokens and Ether from the contract. The absence of access controls poses a significant security risk as it enables unauthorized parties to initiate fund recoveries, potentially leading to a loss of funds.

Update the contract code to include access control modifiers as follows:

```solidity
modifier onlyOwner() {
    require(msg.sender == owner(), "Not the owner");
    _;
}

/// @notice Recover any ERC20 to the owner.
/// @param token_ The ERC20 token to recover.
/// @param amount The amount to recover.
function recoverERC20(address token_, uint256 amount) external onlyOwner {
    if (amount > 0) {
        IERC20(token_).safeTransfer(owner(), amount);
        emit ERC20Recovered(token_, amount);
    }
}

/// @notice Recover any ETH to the owner.
function recoverEther() external onlyOwner {
    uint256 amount = address(this).balance;
    if (amount > 0) {
        payable(owner()).sendValue(amount);
        emit ETHRecovered(amount);
    }
}
```

## Impact
 Unauthorized Recovery: Malicious actors can exploit this vulnerability to recover ERC20 tokens and Ether from the contract, leading to a loss of funds.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-rio-vesting-escrow/blob/main/rio-vesting-escrow/src/adaptors/OZVotingAdaptor.sol#L75-L92
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Implement access control modifiers in the `recoverERC20` and `recoverEther` functions to ensure that only authorized addresses, such as the contract owner, can trigger fund recoveries. This modification will mitigate the risk associated with unauthorized access to recovery functionalities.
