Orbiting Pewter Sawfish

medium

# A recipient can withdraw all funds before the end of the vesting period in case of using a token with multiple addresses

## Summary

The `VestingEscrow::recoverERC20` function allows for the recovery of any ERC20 token to the recipient. However, this could be exploited in cases where the vesting token has multiple addresses, allowing a recipient to withdraw all funds immediately.

## Vulnerability Detail

According to the contest page `any, with the exception of rebasing tokens and tokens that charge a fee on transfer` are supposed to be supported.

The `VestingEscrow::recoverERC20` function allows for the withdrawal of tokens sent to the contract, checking that the address of the recovered token is different from the vesting token. Otherwise, you can only withdraw the excess.

```solidity
function recoverERC20(address token_, uint256 amount) external {
    uint256 recoverable = amount;
    if (token_ == address(token())) {
        uint256 available = token().balanceOf(address(this)) - (locked() + unclaimed());
        recoverable = Math.min(recoverable, available);
    }
    if (recoverable > 0) {
        IERC20(token_).safeTransfer(recipient(), recoverable);
        emit ERC20Recovered(token_, recoverable);
    }
}
```

However, some ERC20 tokens [have multiple valid contract addresses](https://github.com/d-xo/weird-erc20#multiple-token-addresses) that serve as entrypoints for manipulating the same underlying storage. In this case, the recipient can bypass the check and withdraw all funds simply by using a different token address.

## Impact

A recipient can withdraw all funds ahead of time.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-rio-vesting-escrow/blob/main/rio-vesting-escrow/src/VestingEscrow.sol#L202-L212

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Compare the balance of the vesting token before and after recovering. 
