Sunny Grey Zebra

medium

# `recoverEther` function fails if the recipient is a smart contract with no fallback function in `VestingEscrow.sol`

## Summary
In the `VestingEscrow.sol` contract, the `recoverEther` function will fail if the recipient is a smart contract with no fallback function and there will be no way to recover Ether sent to this contract.
## Vulnerability Detail
If the recipient address is a smart contract (instead of an externally owned account), the `recoverEther` function will work. However, the recipient contract should have a fallback function to handle the incoming Ether. If the recipient is a contract and does not have a payable fallback function, the `sendValue` call will fail. 
Hence, there will be no way to recover Eth sent to the `VestingEscrow.sol` contract if the recipient address is a smart contract with no fallback function. Any ETH that is accidentally sent to this contract will be locked.
In summary, the ```recoverEther``` function should generally work with a smart contract address as recipient, but it's important to be aware of the recipient contract's behavior, especially regarding the fallback function.
## Impact

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-rio-vesting-escrow/blob/main/rio-vesting-escrow/src/VestingEscrow.sol#L214
```solidity
    /// @notice Recover any ETH to the recipient.
    function recoverEther() external {
        uint256 amount = address(this).balance;
        if (amount > 0) {
            payable(recipient()).sendValue(amount);
            emit ETHRecovered(amount);
        }
    }
```
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Adding `onlyRecipient` modifier and allowing the `recoverEther` function to accept a beneficiary address as input can be a flexible and secure approach. This way, the authorized entity can specify the destination address for the recovered Ether.  