Joyous Mango Bear

high

# Front-Running Vulnerability in `VestingEscrow.sol:revokeUnvested()` Function: Exploiting block.timestamp for Unintended Token Claims.

## Summary

There is a potential vulnerability related to the use of block.timestamp in the `VestingEscrow.sol:revokeUnvested()` function, which could be exploited by a front-running attack performed by the onlyRecipient address.

## Vulnerability Detail
The revokeUnvested function sets disabledAt using block.timestamp before transferring the revoked tokens to the owner. As block.timestamp is publicly readable, a front-running attack is possible.
A malicious recipient (onlyRecipient) could front-run the revokeUnvested transaction, quickly execute a transaction to claim the tokens before the revokeUnvested function is processed, and potentially receive more tokens than intended.

suppose startTime = t1 , endTime = t5 ,cliffLenght = 1 hours , totalLocked = 500
formula to calculate unvested tokens = [return Math.min(_totalLocked * (time - _startTime) / (endTime() - _startTime), _totalLocked)]
at t3 = min((500*(3-1)/5-1),500)= 200 at t4= min((500*(4-1)/5-1),500) = 375
At time t3 total unlocked tokens = 200 the malaicious recipient is miner then can hold the owner tranaction upto t4 if owner wanted it to execute it on t3 and as time passe more token will be available and he can claims tokens upto t4 and stops onwer to receive tokens.
result: end up claim more 125 tokens.

## Impact
The use of block.timestamp in revokeUnvested allows a recipient to exploit the time-sensitive operation, potentially claiming more tokens than intended.
Front-running could lead to an imbalance in token transfers, impacting the fairness and intended distribution of unvested tokens.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-rio-vesting-escrow/blob/main/rio-vesting-escrow/src/VestingEscrow.sol#L136
```javascript
 function claim(address beneficiary, uint256 amount) external onlyRecipient returns (uint256) {
        uint256 claimable = Math.min(unclaimed(), amount);
        totalClaimed += claimable;

        token().safeTransfer(beneficiary, claimable);
        emit Claim(beneficiary, claimable);

        return claimable;
    }
```
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-rio-vesting-escrow/blob/main/rio-vesting-escrow/src/VestingEscrow.sol#L166
```javascript
function revokeUnvested() external onlyOwnerOrManager {
        uint256 revokable = locked();
        if (revokable == 0) revert NOTHING_TO_REVOKE();

        disabledAt = uint40(block.timestamp);
        token().safeTransfer(_owner(), revokable);
        emit UnvestedTokensRevoked(msg.sender, revokable);
    }
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Consider using a secure source of time, such as block.number, to reduce the risk of front-running.
If possible, reorder the operations and find otherway which execude block.timeStamp to minimize the impact of front-running or consider alternative mechanisms to prevent front-running attacks.

