Keen Citron Sealion

high

# Lack of Address Validation in recoverERC20 Function

## Summary
In the recoverERC20 function, the contract does not verify whether the _token address is zero before proceeding with the token recovery process.
## Vulnerability Detail
The recoverERC20 function in the OZVotingAdaptor contract does not include a check to ensure that the _token address is not set to zero. This absence of validation may lead to unexpected behavior or vulnerabilities. It is essential to verify the validity of the token address before executing the recovery operation.
## Impact
The absence of address validation in the recoverERC20 function exposes the smart contract to potential security risks and unintended consequences. Without proper validation, an attacker could manipulate the recovery mechanism by providing a malicious or zero address as the _token parameter. This could result in a series of adverse outcomes, including but not limited to:

**Token Loss or Lockup:**

If the _token address is set to zero, the contract may attempt to transfer tokens to the zero address, leading to permanent loss or lockup of the recovered tokens.

**Denial of Service (DoS):**

An attacker could intentionally provide an invalid token address, causing the recovery transaction to fail. This could lead to a denial-of-service scenario where legitimate attempts to recover tokens are hindered or disrupted.

**Erosion of User Trust:**

Users relying on the recoverERC20 function might lose trust in the reliability and security of the smart contract if it is susceptible to avoidable vulnerabilities. This erosion of trust could impact the adoption and success of the Rio Vesting Escrow project.

**Exploitation of Recovery Mechanism:**

Malicious actors may attempt to exploit the lack of address validation to manipulate the recovery mechanism for their gain, potentially leading to unauthorized fund transfers or disruptions in the intended functionality of the smart contract.

**Regulatory Compliance Risks:**

Depending on the nature of the tokens involved, the lack of proper address validation might expose the project to regulatory compliance risks. Failure to implement robust security measures could attract regulatory scrutiny and legal challenges.
Addressing this vulnerability by incorporating the recommended address validation check is crucial to mitigate these potential impacts and uphold the integrity and security of the Rio Vesting Escrow smart contract.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-rio-vesting-escrow/blob/main/rio-vesting-escrow/src/adaptors/OZVotingAdaptor.sol#L78-L83
## Tool used
Manual Review
## Recommendation
It is recommended to add a check to ensure the validity of the _token address before initiating the ERC20 token recovery. Consider implementing the following code snippet within the function:
```solidity
if (token_ == address(0)) revert INVALID_TOKEN_ADDRESS();
```