Clumsy Ultraviolet Scorpion

medium

# Missing zero address check

## Summary
In `VestingEscrowFactory` contract  in `constructor` zero address check is missing for `votingAdaptor`


## Vulnerability Detail

In the `VestingEscrowFactory` contract, the constructor is missing a check for the zero address (`address(0)`) when setting the initial value for the `votingAdaptor`. This omission may have several consequences:
1. **Potential Deployment Issues:** The `votingAdaptor` is intended to be a crucial part of the functionality of the contract, not having a zero address check during the contract deployment could lead to unexpected behavior. The contract might be deployed with an invalid or uninitialized `votingAdaptor` address.
2. **Security Risks:** Without a zero address check, the contract may be deployed with a `votingAdaptor` set to address zero, which is a common pattern for an uninitialized address. This can create security risks, as certain operations depending on the `votingAdaptor` may not behave as expected or may lead to vulnerabilities.

## Impact

Without a zero address check contract might be deployed with an invalid or uninitialized `votingAdaptor` address.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-rio-vesting-escrow/blob/main/rio-vesting-escrow/src/VestingEscrowFactory.sol#L30C1-L41C6

```solidity
    constructor(address _vestingEscrowImpl, address _token, address _owner, address _manager, address _votingAdaptor) {
        if (_vestingEscrowImpl == address(0)) revert INVALID_VESTING_ESCROW_IMPL();
        if (_token == address(0)) revert INVALID_TOKEN();
        if (_owner == address(0)) revert INVALID_OWNER();


        vestingEscrowImpl = _vestingEscrowImpl;
        token = _token;
        manager = _manager;
        votingAdaptor = _votingAdaptor;


        _transferOwnership(_owner);
    } 
  ```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To address this issue, it is recommended to include a zero address check in the constructor when setting the votingAdaptor. For example:
```solidity
if (_votingAdaptor == address(0)) revert INVALID_VOTING_ADAPTOR();
votingAdaptor = _votingAdaptor;
```
This check ensures that the provided votingAdaptor address is not the zero address, helping to prevent potential issues related to uninitialized or invalid addresses. Additionally, it provides better clarity on the expected behavior during contract deployment.