Kind Coffee Trout

medium

# No validation check might cause negative impact on the state of the contract in the `claim` function

## Summary
Without the validation check, the function will allow claims with amount of zero. This could lead to unexpected behaviour or undesired state changes in the contract.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `claim` function appears to be designed to allow a recipient to claim vested tokens from the smart contract.
```solidity
function claim(address beneficiary, uint256 amount) external onlyRecipient returns (uint256) {
        uint256 claimable = Math.min(unclaimed(), amount);
        totalClaimed += claimable;

        token().safeTransfer(beneficiary, claimable);
        emit Claim(beneficiary, claimable);

        return claimable;
    }
```
This is attack scenario:

Without the `amount > 0` check, the `totalClaimed` variable could be incremented by a negative value if a malicious user sends a transaction with a negative amount. This could lead to unintended behaviour and negative values for `totalClaimed`, which may affect subsequent calculations and contract logic.

Including the check `require(amount > 0, "Invalid amount")` is a good practice to ensure that the amount parameter is valid and positive, preventing potential negative impacts on the contract's state.

## Impact

Possible to fully block `claim` function. And no one will be able to claim their vested tokens.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-rio-vesting-escrow/blob/main/rio-vesting-escrow/src/VestingEscrow.sol#L136C1-L136C1

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider adding a require check in the `claim` function. 
```solidity
require(amount > 0, "Invalid amount");
```
This line ensures that the amount parameter is greater than zero before proceeding with the claim operation.